feat: takeoff performance documentation (#986)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/pilots-corner/beginner-guide/preparing-mcdu.md

calculate if TOGA is the preferred thrust setting for takeoff and notify the pilot through the EFB.

[flyPad Performance Page](../../fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flypados3/performance.md){target=new .md-button}

!!! tip "What is Flex Temp?"
    Flex temp is entered into the MCDU, enabling the computer to use the pilot-specified air temperature to allow for take-off thrust that is less than TOGA but not less than CLB. This is a method of creating cost savings by increasing engine life, resulting in reduced overhaul and fuel costs. This value is normally calculated via a pilot's company EFB or other tools.

    {==

    Flex temps are above ISA+29°C (44°C at sea level) and above current temp, but no higher than ISA+59°C (74°C at sea level). Usable Flex temps at sea level are from 45 °C (or current OAT if it is higher) to 74 °C.

    Additionally, a decent rule of thumb for simulation purposes is to use a lower number if heavy or on a short runway and higher for the opposite.

    ==}
    
    !!! warning "Flex Temp Calculations Not Available in Stable"
        We have implemented our own takeoff performance calculator in the Development version.

>     Unfortunately, A320neo performance data for FLEX temp performance calculator alongside other various tools are not publicly available and are guarded by Airbus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Unfortunately, it is not yet available on the stable version.
```

It seems strange to me to write that there's no perf calculator in the stable version because the data is not available and at the same time we have a calculator in Dev.

Our SID chart mentions that the TRANS ALT for this departure is 5000 ft.

* Using the keypad, type in `5000` and press LSK4L

#### V-Speeds

Pilots can use the flyPad Performance Page to calculate V-Speeds for takeoff.

[flyPad Performance Page](../../fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flypados3/performance.md){target=new .md-button}

??? warning "Stable Version Only"

>     V-Speeds are normally calculated by a company EFB or other tools. Unfortunately, A320neo performance
>     data for V-Speeds alongside other various tools are not publicly available and are guarded by Airbus. 
>     Therefore, the A32NX has a built-in simplified V-Speed calculator, which can be used by simply 
>     clicking the LSK next to the V-Speed you want to calculate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    V-Speeds are normally calculated by a company EFB or other tools. This feature is not yet available in the stable version.
    Instead you can simply click the LSK next to the V-Speed you want to calculate, to get V-Speeds from a simplified calculation.
```
